[Music]
eight effective exercises to slim down
your face
[Music]
time flies incredibly fast and
unfortunately none of us is getting
younger our face is one of the main
detectors that can show our actual age
the first noticeable signs of aging are
usually wrinkles and loose skin your
skin elasticity in the contours of your
face depend on how well your facial
muscles are toned these muscles need
exercise just as much as the rest of
your body but exactly what exercises
will help you deal with the problem
bright side shares with you the most
effective facial exercises that
according to doctors help to keep your
face toned and youthful do you want to
see a brand new reflection in the mirror
then put this video on do these
exercises with us every day and take
notes first of all before we start doing
anything you need to warm up your facial
muscles stand up or sit down holding
your back straight now try to sing
different vowels for as long as you can
singing I o II and a usually works best
keep doing this exercise until you feel
your entire face is warm you can pause
the video now do this little warm-up and
then continue with us
[Music]
exercise number eight lower lip lift
let's begin with doing something not so
difficult and challenging to exercise
the facial muscles gradually are you
ready let's start for the first exercise
you have to sit down and tilt your head
back now imagine that you need to reach
the ceiling with your lower lip stick
out your lower lip as far as you can and
hold for about five to ten seconds take
a short break and repeat hang on you're
just going to set the clock and go by
doing this exercise you get higher and
more defined cheekbones and jawline all
this will definitely make your face will
look fresh and tone how are you doing by
the way there are a couple more seconds
left and that's it for lip lifting let's
get to the next exercise exercise number
seven chin lift another lifting exercise
now we will exercise a different group
of facial muscles
first of all cross your arms over your
chest and slowly raise your chin while
standing straight once you reach your
limit take a long deep breath and count
to ten then slowly return to the
starting position are you ready to go
then let's begin
[Music]
this exercise is a great workout for
your facial muscles and a great way to
get rid of a double chin plus it gives
you a more prominent jawline is a
beautiful and young looking neck and yes
you can achieve all of it with this
simple exercise how are you feeling
[Music]
we're almost done
three two one time's up
[Music]
exercise number six lips down pull let's
go back to the lip exercises shall we
there's another great one for toning
your face and giving it a smooth fresh
look the important thing is to make sure
you keep your head straight during this
exercise pull the corners of your lip
down and return to the starting position
at the end of the exercise you may feel
some tension in your muscles don't worry
that's the sign that it's working let's
do this together the clock starts now
this exercise is simple but effective it
helps to reduce the risk of losing
elasticity in your cheeks which is
wonderful as many women face the notion
of sagging cheeks as they get older
[Music]
we have some time left let's do this a
couple more times and done let's move
right along to the next part exercise
number five writing in the air
well this next exercise is quite unusual
and challenging but once again it's a
good little workout for your muscles so
let's get to it sit straight and hold a
pencil with your lips tighten now try to
write your name in the air sounds rather
easy right the trick is that you have to
do it without moving your head take some
short breaks between the writings so get
your pencil ready the time starts at 3
to 1 let's go this exercise is good
training for your muscles and will allow
you to have higher and more defined
cheekbones and improve your cheeks
elasticity you are doing a great job by
the way
[Music]
we made another step towards a youthful
skin four more to go exercise number
four head tilt let's take it a little
bit easier with his next exercise we're
in the middle of our small exercise
routine so let's see what it's all about
tilt your head to the right trying to
reach your shoulder with your ear press
your right hand against the right side
of your head while resisting with your
head and neck hold for ten seconds and
repeat with the other side now let's
start the clock
[Music]
this exercise is great for your neck
muscles making them stronger
it also helps to tone up the muscles
around your face which again helps with
fighting all these first signs of skin
aging just don't forget that this little
facial workout has to be regular to give
you the results that you hope for and
we're done with the head tilting moving
a lot exercise number three full of air
[Music]
you are probably a bit intrigued with
the name of this next exercise well it's
quite simple and as a matter of fact
productive let's dive into it take a
deep breath close your lips tightly and
fill your mouth full of air put your
hands on your cheeks so that your
fingers cover your ears now start
pushing your cheeks creating resistance
with your muscles hold for five to ten
seconds then take a short break and
repeat the timer is on again this
exercise is quite beneficial for your
cheeks and keeping the last two sitting
it works out in both upper and middle
parts of your cheeks and can also help
you achieve beautiful cheekbones one
more time and that's it for this
exercise well done exercise number two
chin pushing in this exercise we're
going to work with your jaw and chin and
train the muscles that will beautifully
and naturally slim down your face to
start open your mouth and cover your
teeth with your lips now move your lower
jaw forward and push against your chin
with your finger try to resist your
finger with your facial muscles while
contracting and relaxing them and yes
that's all you need to do
so the timer's ready let's go the
results of regularly doing this exercise
include a prominent jawline and no more
double chin a more defined feature is
what every woman wants right well we're
getting to it three two one good job
we're almost done
one more exercise left exercise number
one more chin pushing
yes it's another one of the chin
exercises but hold on now when we've
gradually got to this point here is the
last and the most difficult exercise in
this routine but in this case the basic
rule works the harder the exercise the
better are the results so don't drop it
and try it out to begin put both your
fists under your chin and press your
tongue against the bottom of your mouth
besides your lower teeth push your chin
up with your fists while resisting the
pressure with your tongue hold for 30
seconds take a short break
and then repeat if our timers not enough
you can only stop the video and do this
exercise as much as you want just don't
overdo it too much it's important to
strike a balance this exercise is a good
help to strengthen your jaw muscles as
well as the muscles under your tongue
[Music]
and that's it for this little facial
workout don't forget that one of the
greatest exercises for your face is just
smiling and it's not a joke
smiling lessons your cheek fat and
uplifts the structure of your face so
stay happy that's always the key to
looking fresh and truly gorgeous
if you